[Music]
foreign
new things
set up WhatsApp groups you can text
people you can share a thought the other
thing that's really easy to do you're
just going to start talking to other
creators
all right we're going to talk about how
to deal with creators block on a broader
level when you think about the overall
creators block most people are like hey
what content do I post on Instagram what
do I end up creating for YouTube and
what a lot of people are doing now is
they're just using chat GPT to come up
with title ideas or concept ideas but
that doesn't really solve a lot of the
Creator Creator blocks from what I'm
seeing what has worked the best and I
don't know if you do this I actually
look at like answer Lee profiles on
social media and I see what other people
within my space not direct competitors
but other people in my space are doing
so for example if I own a marketing
agency or performance agency NP digital
I may look at a creative shop someone
who's doing like web design app design
and it's an agency to see what they're
doing on social media that may be
working for them and that'll end up
giving us ideas because typically what
works in other similar Industries will
work for you you just got to try out new
things that's probably one of the
biggest ways we've gone around creators
block the other thing that we do if you
have a lot of employees people just can
start brainstorming and we'll do like uh
prizes where if we leverage one of the
ideas we'll give them uh some money and
if it does exceptionally well from a
performance standpoint we'll give them a
kicker Cash Wise now I mentioned a tool
called hype Theory it will take the top
performing content from your past also
from your niche as well let's say it's
marketing or business and it will give
you ideas to start with right because
oftentimes you just need an idea to roll
off of the other thing that's really
easy to do too is you just go and you
just start talking to other creators
well like Eric does dinners his dinners
have gone really good compared to when
he first started it doesn't mean the
earlier ones were bad but he's learned
how to continually improve upon them
when you're just around a group of
people like let's say social media
creators or content creators you can ask
them what's working what's not what are
you testing uh if you don't do if you
can't do this during dinners you can set
up WhatsApp groups you can text people
you can share thoughts like this is the
kind of stuff that'll help create a lot
of inspiration and you can have people
in there that are in totally different
segments or sectors than you are so
you're not competitive and this will
just help you come with a lot of ideas
yeah and by the way like it can be in
person if you want but there's also like
online chat groups right like so I'm in
a chat group with a bunch of um you know
creators that most people would know
um and also like I'm in another chapter
like we're literally about to go to um
Turkey right to do like a mastermind
um and it's it's with a bunch of great
people they're all very accomplished and
so you get a lot of ideas by talking to
people not just around content but
around business in general right so just
depends on who you're talking to so take
a look at your analytics figure out what
resonates with your audience and maybe
sometimes produce more of that but also
make sure you're having fun at the same
time so that is it for today please
don't forget to rate review subscribe
and also subscribe to us on YouTube now
if you have any questions leave a
comment below I'm here to answer them
and help you out if you enjoyed the
video like it share it tell people about
it thank you very much